hi this is pressure Walker I'm going to
teach you a trick from Vedic mathematics
so you can quickly square a number that
ends in the digit 5 you'll be able to
square this number faster than you can
do on a calculator and you'll be able to
do it in your head let's say you want to
do 25 squared the trick is that just
take the note the digit that's not 5 and
multiply it by 1 more than itself so 2
times 1 more than itself is 3 and you
get the number 6 then put the number 25
at the end and that'll be your answer
25 squared is 625 we'll do another
example let's say you want to do 55
squared we take the digit that's not 5
and we multiply it by 1 more than itself
5 times 6 is 30 and so we get after
adding the 25 that 55 squared is 30 25
the general procedure is if you have a
number that ends in the digit 5 you take
one more than the number itself you
write that down and you add the number
25 at the end I like to end on this
example to keep students interested 205
we take 20 times one more than itself
and we get 4 20 25
I hope you like this trick please watch
the video where I explain why this works
you can catch me on my blog bind your
decisions on Twitter at pressure locker
or again my ebooks at Amazon